BANCO WATER TANK
FIBER REINFORCED POLYMER(FRP)
PANEL TYPE WATER TANK 
"Designed for safety... built to last" 
A Quality Product by Neomech(T) Ltd.

WHO WE ARE: 
	Established in 1965, Banco pioneered the foam mattress industry in Tanzania, quickly becoming a trusted name in comfortable sleep solutions. 

with three state-of-the-are manufacturing plants strategically located in Dar es salaam, Mwanza, and Mbeya, the company produces high-quality products to serve customers nationwide through its network of 10 branches across the country. 

Expanding its portfolio, BANCO has ventured into plastics manufacturing, specializing in sharing film, jerry cans, and buckets-delivering durable, innovative solutions for everyday needs. 

FRP water tank is the latest innovation launched by BANCO, proudly made in Tanzania. 

SAFER WATER STORAGE SYSTEM("Managing the world's water supply"):
	it is an obvious fact, which nonetheless deserves emphasizing, that water is fundamental to our daily lives. whether for drinking, cooking, washing or cleaning, as well as industrial and commercial requirements. As demand grows year by year, the management and conservation of supplies becomes ever more critical, the highest standards of purity of the delivered product are insisted upon. 

The FRP panel type water tanks storage system has been designed and developed for the single purpose of meeting there demands, with utmost efficiency and flexibility, with uncompromising levels of quality and reliability. specified to meet the most rigorous conditions, it has become the system of choice around the world for applications from individual homes to major building and industrial complexes. 

the FRP Panel type water tanks system is supremely flexible and province free-standing long term storage capacity. our water tanks conserve water to the highest quality standards, serving the needs of private residence, accommodation complexes, hospitals, hotels and offices, as well as industrial municipal and irrigation projects where large-scale water storage is required. every unit is supplied to the same standard of design and specification, to the size and shape best suited to every need of the customer. Assembly and installation is straight forward, and can be easily carried out by the user or contractor. 

TECHNICAL SPECIFICATIONS: 

Hydrostatic pressure : water level (m) x 0.01MPa 
wind pressure: 1060 N/m2
Ambient temperature: 55 degrees C (max)
water temperature: 65 degree C (max)
water quality: pH:5.8 to 8.6 
Roof load: 110 Kgf/m2 
Tensile strength: 110 MPa 
tensile elastic modules: 12.9 GPa
Compressive strength 155 MPa 
Shear strength 97 MPa 
Flexural strength 140 MPa 
Specific gravity 1.80
Barcol hardness 65 
Light water absorption Less than 0.1% 
Thermal conductivity 0.1 w/mk


Features: 
1. Assembly details:
	thanks are modular sectional systems, assembled on-site using bolts, nuts, washers, sealing gaskets, and steel stiffeners. 

Premium quality stainless steel (SS304/316) or galvanized steel is used for interiors bracing.

Sealing system special gaskets are used between panels to avoid any possible leakages over a long-term period. 

Basic tools and equipment are required for fast and easy on-site assembly and installation. 

2. Accessories: 
	Roof panel: standard size 1000 x 1000 mm
	side panel: standard size 1000 x 1000 mm
	Bottom panel: standard size 1000 x 1000 mm
	Manhole cover: standard size 1000 x 1000 mm
	steel angle & C-channel, nut, bolt & washer (HDG)
	Ladders: inside/outside galvanized or stainless steel 
	Flanges: HDG or SS304/316
	Level indicators: Included in the system 
	Overflow and drain nozzles: included in the system


FRP TANK Advantages("Pure clean water always"): 
	Pure, clean water at all times and for all purposes- drinking, domestic or industrial is what the FRP panel type water tank is designed to deliver. the specifications and exclusive design features of the system protected against any occurrence of static water, growth of algae, contamination from corrosion or bacteria, or accumulation of externally introduced material. 

	"NO ALGAE GROWTH": The growth of algae and other micro-organisms is closely related to light. to prevent this requires light transmission of less than 0.1% in direct sun light. 

All standard FRP panel type water tanks molded panels have a light transmission of less than 0.005%, to prevent algae growth even if the tank is installed in full sunlight, growth of algae, if allowed to occur, will adversely affect water taste and can lead to disease such as gastroenteritis. 

	"NO BACTERIAL GROWTH": ALL FRP panel type water tanks are hot press molded with perfectly smooth finish, eliminating the problem at the source. Conventional tanks allow stored water to be in contact with rough surfaces, this creates a breeding ground for bacterial growth. 
	
	"MINIMAL CLEANING REQUIREMENT": the smooth interior surfaces, and free-draining design of FRP panel type water tanks minimizes any opportunity for pollutants, whether originating internally or externally to develop and accumulate. Routine cleaning requirements are consequently simple and infrequent, with no risk of leaving residual material or cleaning agents inside the tank. 

	"COMPLETE DRAINAGE": the base of the FRP panel type water tanks is constructed with convex bottom panels. this is not only provides a positive sealing pressure, which increases as the water height increases, but also enables a free flow of water from all parts of the tank to the concave drainage panel. 

complete and fast drainage from the lowest point is thus ensured, with no possibility for static water to accumulate and become stale or contaminated. 
 
	"FLEXURAL STRENGTH": FRP panel  type water tanks have excellent flexural strength, also known as modules of rupture, bend strength or fracture strength is defined as a material's ability to resist deformations under load. 

BENEFITS OF FRP TANKS: 
	1. EXCELLENT HYGIENE :high resistance to bacteria growth and algae formation 
	2. PURE WATER QUALITY : engineered design ensures complete manhole sealing to prevent any contaminations from dust or insects.
	3. DESIGN FLEXIBILITY :high flexibility tank shape and capacity can be fully customised depending on the location 
	4. PORTABILITY :innovating design allows even large capacity tanks to be transported safely 
	5. RELOCATION: designed for easy disassembly, portability and relocation and re-installation at new location 
	6. LEAKAGE RESISTANCE: unique design can handle high water pressure and has high resistance to leakages 
	7. DRAINAGE: unique design allows 100% drainage 
	8. STRENGTH AND DURABILITY :excellent compression, tension strength allows for high durability 
	9. INTERNAL TANK PARTITION: fully customizable and changeable partitions are possible depending on application
	10. REPAIRING :In case of accidental damage, specific panels can e relaced using basic tools
	11. UV RESISTANCE: highly resistant 
	12. MAINTENANCE: Not Required

APPLICATIONS:
	1. Industrial segments - water storage for FMCG, Fisheries, Pharmaceuticals, Cosmetics, Paints, Breweries, Textiles and others.
	2.Industiral process water and demineralised water industries and utility organisations 
	3.water supply network for rural and urban areas 
	4.small to large scale housing complexes 
	5.Construction industries-Temporary or for permanent water storage facilities 
	6.storage of treated water and distilled mineral water 
	7.multi purpose fire fighting operations 
	8.community water/supply public water storage
	9.hospitals, schools and universities 
	10.Railway stations, Bus stations and Airports 
	11.water storage solutions for safari game parks, resorts and hotels
	12.water storage solutions for remote areas, coastal, central and hilly terrains 
	13.multisteroid residential & commercial buildings 
	14.shopping complexes 
	15.water storage in extreme temperatures 
	16.defence establishments-MES, ordinance factory, etc.
	17.restaurants 
	18. other public utilities 

CONTACT US:
	Neomech (T) Ltd. 
	46/3 Nyere road, dar es salaam, Tanzania 
	Mr. Dipesh joshi 
	+255 799 056 641 
	sales@neomech.co.tz 
	
 